Bootstrap Jumbotron

A Bootstrap jumbotron specifies a big box for getting extra attention to some special content or information. It is displayed as a grey box with rounded corners. It can also enlarge the font sizes of the text inside it.
You can put any valid HTML or other Bootstrap elements/ classes inside a jumbotron.
The class .jumbotron within the <div> element is used to create a jumbotron.

Jumbotron Inside Container

The Inside container is used in jumbotron, if you want the jumbotron to not extend to the edge of the screen.
Put the jumbotron inside the <div class="container">.


Bootstrap Images

Bootstrap supports for images. There are three classes in Bootstrap that can be used to apply some simple style to the images.
The following classes add style to the images:
Classes	Uses
.img-rounded	It adds border-radius:6px to give the image rounded corners.
.img-circle	It makes the entire image round by adding border-radius:500px.
.img-thumbnail	It adds a bit of padding and a gray border.


Bootstrap Wells

In Bootstrap, wells are used to add a rounded border around an element with a gray background color and some padding. It is like a container that displays the content.
The class .well is used with <div> element to add well.

Bootstrap Panels

In Bootstrap, a panel is a bordered box with some padding around its element. The panel components are used when you want to put your DOM component in a box.
The class .panel is used within the <div> element to create Bootstrap panels. The content inside the panel has a .panel-body class.
Generally a panel contains three parts:
o	Panel header
o	Panel content
o	Panel footer


Bootstrap Alerts

Bootstrap Alerts are used to provide an easy way to create predefined alert messages. Alert adds a style to your messages to make it more appealing to the users.
There are four classes that are used within <div> element for alerts.
o	.alert-success
o	.alert-info
o	.alert-warning
o	.alert-danger

Bootstrap Badges and Labels

Bootstrap Badges

Bootstrap Badges are numerical indicators used to show that how many items are associated with the specific link. Badges are used to highlight new or unread items.
The class .badge within the <span> element is used to create badges.


Bootstrap Labels

Bootstrap labels are used to specify the additional information about something like offering counts, tips, or other makeup for pages.
The class .label is used to display the labels.


Bootstrap List Groups

Bootstrap list group is used to create a group of list with list items. The most basic list group is an unordered list containing list items.
The class ".list-group" within the <ul> element and the class ".list-group-item" within the <li>element are used to create a basic list group.


Bootstrap Pagination

Pagination is used to sort the web pages of your website in an organized manner. It becomes very necessary if your website has a lot of web pages.
Following is a list of classes that Bootstrap provides to handle pagination.
Table:
Class	Description
.pagination	Add this class to get the pagination on your page.
.disabled,
.active	you can customize links by using .disabled for unclickable links and .active to indicate the current page.
.pagination-lg,
.pagination-sm	use these classes to get different size items.


Bootstrap Tabs

You can create a basic navigation tag with <ul class="nav nav-tabs">. You can also mark the current page with <li class="active">.

Bootstrap Pills

You can create pills with <ul class="nav nav-pills">. You can also mark the current page with <li class="active">.




